Plan for Telegram bot
Core Functionality:
    Create a new Workspace.
    Add tasks to a Workspace.
    Mark tasks as complete.
    View tasks within a Workspace.
    Delete/Edit tasks.
    Delete Workspaces.
    Show overall progress of a list (percentage complete).

Good, but not necessary features
    Make nested tasks.
    Reminders (through Telegram).
    Make interactable buttons

Future Enhancements:
    Set due dates for tasks.
    Set priorities (high, medium, low).
    Recurring tasks.
    Sharing lists with others.
    Tags/Categories for Wokspaces.

User Stories:
    Telegram bot:
    |---“As a new user of the To-Do List Bot, I want to receive a welcome message with a brief explanation of the bot’s purpose
    |   and a clear list of available commands (with buttons) so that I can quickly understand how to use the bot and get started managing my tasks.”
    |---"As a user, I want to be able to use the /view command to see a list of my available Lists (Workspaces),
    |\  presented as buttons for easy selection, so that I can quickly access and manage the tasks within a specific list.”
    | --“As a user, if I have no existing Lists (Workspaces), I want the bot to inform me clearly that there are none available
    |   and suggest creating a new one, so I’m not left confused about how to proceed.”



        User sends "/Start" on a bot. Bot sends him overall info and list of available commands.(and marks buttons with this commands)
        User sends "/View" command. Bot sends a list of available Workspaces(and marks buttons for them) or informs there are None.
        ﹂User sends a name of Workspace he want to view. Bot sends some kind of representation of Workspace(!!!Need to figure out best one)
        User sends "/Create" command. Bot sends a question
Example:
“As a user, I want to be able to create a new to-do list with a name so that I can organize my tasks.”
“As a user, I want to be able to add tasks to a specific list so that I can keep track of my to-dos.”
“As a user, I want to be able to mark a task as complete so that I can see my progress.”
“As a user, I want to see the percentage of tasks completed in a list so that I can get a sense of how much is left to do.”
“As a user, I want to edit task name”